[UPDATE BONUS GUIDE] Minor update of the Fulcrum bonus guide (#1076)
raspibolt/raspibolt: guide/bonus/bitcoin/fulcrum.md

DO NOT REBOOT OR STOP THE SERVICE DURING DB CREATION PROCESS. YOU MAY CORRUPT THE FILES - in case of that happening, start sync from scratch by deleting and recreating `fulcrum_db` folder.

> 💡 Fulcrum must first fully index the blockchain and compact its database before you can connect to it with your wallets. This can take up until ~3.5 - 4 days. Only proceed with the [Desktop Wallet Section](../../bitcoin/desktop-wallet.md) once Fulcrum is ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡 Fulcrum must first fully index the blockchain and compact its database before you can connect to it with your wallets. This can take up to ~3.5 - 4 days. Only proceed with the [Desktop Wallet Section](../../bitcoin/desktop-wallet.md) once Fulcrum is ready.
```

### Backup the database

> Because the sync can take ~3.5 to 4 days, it is recommended to have at least any backup of the database. It doesn't need to be the latest one and you can backup only once. It is still better to sync for a few hours instead of a week (from scratch). Should be done on an external drive. Remember to stop Fulcrum before with `sudo systemctl stop fulcrum` command.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph would benefit from a rewording.
Below is a suggestion
```suggestion
If the database gets corrupted and you don't have a backup, you will have to resync it from scratch, which takes several days. This is why we recommend to make backups of the database once in a while, on an external drive. Like this, if something happens, you'll only have to resync since the date of your latest backup. Before doing the backup, remember to stop Fulcrum with `sudo systemctl stop fulcrum`
```

Later on, we could maybe add a few commands that explain how to create the backup folder, and how to do such backup with rsync, wdyt? Just a tought.

Reviewer 2: Did not notice the announce etc. is not neccessary, however I think its great idea to include backup section (y).

Author: I think backup section should be a exclusive & independent bonus guide, because this could be applied to blockchain mainnet & testnet and electrs/Fulcrum indexes, not only to Fulcrum index

Reviewer: > Do you think that adding additional commands to the guide could make it too long? 

Maybe, but there are some long guides, I don't think it's an issue personally, particulalry as it is an optional section. Just my 2 sats.
